
Intro sequence:
Sunlight. An abstract concept to most people nowadays. Normality became living underground, though the reason died along with a generation. The surface is only known to most now through fairytales, a land of lush greens and towering buildings. The surface sounds like the perfect place to find seeds to help with the family farm, you're running low on crops afterall..



dialogue script: in order of appearing ingame

on screen prompt: (press e or a to spawn)
on screen prompt: arrow keys or d-pad for movement


spirit dialogue 1:now who do we have here?
Journeying to the top i'd wager. Well you've another to rely on, thats good. The path to the top is not one to be ventured alone, I would know.


player dialogue: Get on my shoulders, I'll help you up (press f or Y to be piggybacked)
player dialogue: Jumps too high to make 
player dialogue: (dont use minecart dialogue)
player dialogue:(move infront of 4 wide jump) I cant make this jump with you on my back, wait here. OTHER PLAYER: okay, be quick
player dialogue: watch you step  other player dialogue: I will
player dialogue: out of reach
player dialogue: I cant squeeze through, you got this.
other player dialogue: the way backs gone. player: Hold on
other player dialogue: Look! its moving.
player dialogue: Whats with this place, its unatural. other player dialogue: I dont like it
player dialogue: We best watch our steps, I'll carry you down, If you're scared.
player dialogue: We've gotta be getting close to the surface.
other player dialogue: Look! the blue mans back. player: huh?

spirit dialogue 2: now who do we have here?
Trying to get to surface i see.
Well you're nearing it alright.
but careful now, or you'll join me.


player dialogue: these dont look stable, better be quick

Spirit dialogue 3:
NO NOT NOW! IM SO CLOSE I CAN SEE IT! MOVE DAMNIT! MOVE!
MOVE!

player dialogue: I can see light. other player: So bright


outside
player is... this all thats left?




